/// 10-07-2026 
1. Super Admin - can also add new Branch after intiliaazation also : done
2. On run time we allow user to Override commison  : done
3. Head office also configure branch wise commison - instead of global : done
4. we need to give permission - override permission - to user , who can override : done
5. we need this configuration , from super admin / for now we dont need this limit : done
6. we dont need to show , mumbai branch unitl approve : done
7. effective lable change to on hold  : done
and after payment commited , we need to remove from effective aand make it 0 : done
8. payout commited - payout approved : 
9. we dont need to select all data in a single page
10.  day wise collection - calender : done
11. token number feild  : done
12. sender & recever | mobile number : done
13. Opening Balance - we need store this 


// 18-07-2026 
1. ERP 
 - We need to 1-5 document upload (image or pdf)
 - we need to also show , after this days this material should expire 
 - we also need to add tags(multiple) during Material add 
 - in laboraretery - we also need to allow document upload // they can also upload the result - SOP 


24-07-2026
1. ERP - when we add another device id for user , then they logged in on that device , we need to auto logout from their first device : extra 
2. instead of DeviceId copy and paste , we need to store each login session detail and pending status , if that is not register with us then , we need to create pending login request , then Head office or super admin , can approve then after , the user can login in second device , and first device is suspended , until admin or head office not make any changes
3. EmployyedId(like order number) (companyName+branch+username): Login Session Activity  
4. on disable the user we need to first show current transaction (both the side) , we need to remove soft delete , instead we go with disable
5. suspend vs disable we need to manage both the things (suspend : permenentatly) , disable & enable(temporary block
6. on the application download , we also need to track , in which device or network application downloaded
7. Bank transfer to IMPS(label change)
8. mukbam to mukam(label change)
9. gujrati and english both language support
10. date format uniformating all place
11. we need to add some space in ruppes and arthmetic operators
12, filter selection  
14. we need allow both side commison flow , user can give in payout branch , or they say cut from deductaion branch
13. Report & Activity Log
15. real time notification

mumb 
51000  0

ahm  on hold
74600 54000



---
1. ERP - when we add another device id for user , then they logged in on that device , we need to auto logout from their first device : extra  

1. when we add another devide id for user , then they must logged out from other device


14. we need allow both side commison flow , user can give in payout branch , or they say cut from deductaion branch : currently we have only one type comission flow , like in which branch collecting payment , we adding this commisoon to that branch , but currently it is we create in a wrong way 

Branches 
1. ahm
2. mum
3. JPR

1. ramesh come in ahm branch and give 100000 cash and tell them , cut commisssion from this , and i need to send this to mumbai : so in thiss case mumbai brnach get this comission and we need to plus on mumbai brnach on in ahm brnach 
2. now suppose jay come with 10000 and tell i need to sned in jPR , and i am giving commison here , and give full money to reciver in this case , we need to plus in AHM branch , : createa a proper plan , how we implement , and this is making sense ??






// 28-07-2026 - 
- Daily Report
- Fix customer reports daily basis , daily - end of the day we need to show eod balance and opening balance , daily opening balance report 
- external Branches and our fix customer
- export issues , reports filter issues - only pdf  
- when we inactive any company,  then if they add system code still we did not redirect to login page 
- head branch - can configure , export options



//31-07-2026
1.  we need to add , commison frlow , like , if someone give money ahmedbad - then on that time ,we need to count commison for collection branch also - not from payout branch



